1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

I chose to use Python because it is my favorite language in terms of readibility. Also, I like the pandas library on python.
I used this pandas library to build the data frame, which is like the original CSV but eaiser to work with in code. It provided
a nice way to sort the rows based on the time stamp since I could turn the time stamp into a date time object. Additionally, I used
the sys libraty to allow for the command line input. FInally, I used the json library to output the data as a JSON object, which is
what the example showed. 

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

The advantage of my solution is that using pandas allows for the whole solution to be simplified. Sorting the rows would otherwise be 
difficult since each row stores multiple colums, which would be hard to represent on a traditional array. 

One disadvantage is that it currently does not update weather or not the oldest payment got spent. So if we ran this file over and over again, 
the CSV file never gets updated meaning that you could basically spend as much as you wanted to. This can be fixed howver by simply adding 
a way for the CSV file to be updated with the most recent information each time some points are spent. I however did not implement this since
it was not stated in the description, and I did not want to over complicated the code. 


3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

My favorite personal project was when I built a 2D printer from scratch. Its like a 3D printer, but it only moves in 2 dimentions.
It is formally called a "pen plotter." There is a gantry which holds a pen that gets dragged around and physically draws out the picture. 
It is different from a traditional printer since it uses a pen or pencil  to draw rather than ink jets. 

I wrote the software to convert digital images into instructions for this printer to run. Its like the "driver" for this printer. 
Before I got into Computer Science and programming, I really liked engineering. Because of this, the rest of the printer is built with parts I made on
CAD myself and laser cut at school. 

The hardest part of this both hardware and software project was the software. It took a long time to come up with an algorithm which would find
singular pixel traces in jpeg files and convert them into linear movements for the robot's motors. 

I made a video about this algorithm for a seperate competition, feel free to watch it if you want. I think its really cool: 

https://youtu.be/x72oUEto-Zk

I show the machine at 7:33